refactor(curriculum): restructure sudoku solver python project (#54303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6606e3e6231702600bd5860c.md

---
id: 6606e3e6231702600bd5860c
title: Step 53
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-53
---

# --description--

> Delete `pass` and create an `if` statement that ckecks if the value returned by `find_empty_cell` is `None`. In that case, the puzzle is solved. Therefore, return `True` from the `if` body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete `pass` and create an `if` statement that checks if the value returned by `find_empty_cell` is `None`. In that case, the puzzle is solved. Therefore, return `True` from the `if` body.
```

# --hints--

> You should delete `pass` and create an `if` statement that ckecks if the value returned by `find_empty_cell` is `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should delete `pass` and create an `if` statement that checks if the value returned by `self.find_empty_cell` is `None`.
```
